Document skip_optimize model config for dbt-databricks (#9496)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/databricks-configs.md

\+ Do not use `liquid_clustered_by` and `auto_liquid_cluster` on the same model.

> <sup>§</sup> `skip_optimize` gives you per-model control over the post-materialization `OPTIMIZE`, and—because it is a standard dbt model config—can also be set at the folder or project level via config inheritance. It complements the run-wide `DATABRICKS_SKIP_OPTIMIZE` variable. The variable takes precedence: when `DATABRICKS_SKIP_OPTIMIZE=true` (or `databricks_skip_optimize: true`) is set, `OPTIMIZE` is skipped for every model and **cannot** be re-enabled for an individual model with `skip_optimize: false`. Use `skip_optimize` when you want to keep `OPTIMIZE` on for most models but opt specific ones out (for example, when `OPTIMIZE` is delegated to [Predictive Optimization](https://docs.databricks.com/en/optimizations/predictive-optimization.html) or scheduled out of band). See [issue #703](https://github.com/databricks/dbt-databricks/issues/703).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>§</sup> `skip_optimize` gives you per-model control over the post-materialization `OPTIMIZE` call. Because it's a standard dbt model config, you can also set it at the folder or project level through config inheritance. The run-wide `DATABRICKS_SKIP_OPTIMIZE` variable takes precedence over `skip_optimize`; if you set `DATABRICKS_SKIP_OPTIMIZE=true` (or `databricks_skip_optimize: true`), the variable skips `OPTIMIZE` for every model, and you can't re-enable it for an individual model with `skip_optimize: false`. Use `skip_optimize` when you want to keep `OPTIMIZE` on for most models but opt specific ones out &mdash; for example, if you delegate `OPTIMIZE` to [Predictive Optimization](https://docs.databricks.com/en/optimizations/predictive-optimization.html) or schedule it out of band. Refer to [issue #703](https://github.com/databricks/dbt-databricks/issues/703).
```
